Victor V what's poppin partner
what what's poppin the fuck are you
talkin about
isn't that what you guys say what's
poppin think that must be Lance what you
got everything sorry no trouble chorus
hey now we're just giving you shit you
know yeah whatever
great great here's your brother what's
problem baby you Lance what's going on
you're a freakin cop chill chill
yes you're right I am a cop I was gonna
tell you that I need money I want to
work with you guys I gotta bust you not
now you ain't i'ma bust you let's go
get him Vic we gotta find out what he
knows
oh man that's all money get him what the
hell is our buddy
doing in there you never know when
you're gonna need a few grain money from
heaven
I got a place we can take him come on
I don't know about this Lance is either
this or kill him what do you think
Forbes uh I definitely prefer it this
way we'll let him sweat for a while
we'll be back you sit tight buddy